Analyse my codebase thoroughly.
As you can see I have three flows: 
    1. Client, can access all public routes ['/', '/apply', '/track', '/login', '/register', 'terms-and-conditions', '/privacy-policy',]
    2. Agent: after login as agent, they can access the routes starting with /agent/*
    3. Admin: after login as admin, they can access the routes starting with /admin/* 
Learn how I handled route protection in the protected route component, auth context and middleware
Now I want to add another flow (4th)
    4. finance: (since it's next.js the directory will be finance: similar to his role)
    Now just as for the agent and admin add the flow of super admin and here are the things you will do: 
    1. Add /finance/* route protection in authcontext and middleware just like it is done for admin and agent
    2. In the navbar component, add navlinks for finance.(dashboard and a profile icon just like on other flow which when clicked will show a dropdown having profile settings and logout)
    3. Now you will have to creaate the directories for all those navlinks
        1.dashboard (make a duplicate, just as admin dashboard)
        2.profile: 
            Now also give the super admin a profile page just like admin and agent so that he can change his profile and password
        3.history
            here she will see a table with basic filters where she will be viewing the past month's payments. eg we will display a table displaying the columns:
                id (count), month/year, total amount (total amount paid to agents in that month), number of agents (who were paid in that month), actions: view(when clicked will show a popup containing a tabe of all agents who were paid in that month and their esential data and amount) and export which when clicked will export the data that is being shown in the popup into an excel/csv file.
                
NOTES:
    on super admin pages use these api endpoints instead:
    for fetching all agents and their monthly commission /getAllAgentsMonthlyCommission


overview: basically on the finance user dashboard they will be able to fetch and see agents and their monthly commission (commissions they earned in the current month)
as then she will have a button where she can click to export all the agents and their essential details in an excel file for payment processing. 
so you will add a few functionalities on the dashboard not necessary all the features in the /admin/dashboard.
just add a way for the finance user to filter based on dates, the data should be in a table. 
search for users in the table and also like an overview for the month, quarter and year


